What?
You know what.
Still the lake?
You know wt?
Forget it.
Whatever.
We can talk about it,
Thea.
I said, "forget it."
You know, the haley sisters
Finally invited me to --
The haley sisters
Are 17 and 18, thea.
What's that
Supposed to mean?
Well, usually that means beer,
Cigarettes, and older boys.
I'm 14.
I can handle myself.
Then you can also handle
Keeping your promises.
This sucks.
Look,
I know you're flattered
That the haley sisters invited
You to go to the lake with them.
"flattered"?
They're the most popular girls
In high school.
You made me a deal,
Sweetheart.
Got  stick to it.
But --
[ knock on door ]
I'm lookin
For karmstrong.
Yeah. That's me.
My name is temple davis.
I'm supposed to start today.
Ali: oh, my god.
Professor alpert is the most
Boring professor i've ever
I can hardly
Keep my eyes open.
I have fallen asleep
Every single class.
All right. Forget it. No school.
We're gonna go.
Tom: are you sure
You want to do this?
I am.
If you agree
To share your donor liver
With another patient --
Dr. Griffith tells me that it has to be a smaller person
(????)
And that it could
Even be a child.
This is true,
But you should be aware
That it makes
An already dangerous procedure
Much more complicated.
I know.
I'll take it up
With the chief of staff, okay?
It's a blessing.
You had to go
And do that.
I only made him aware
Of what i knew.
You had to go
And do that.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So, i drive two hours in
A recovery called east redneck.
I get in there,
And the supposedly
Brain-dead donor blinks at me.
I mean, some of these rural
Hospitals must think the doctor
Is gonna shoot the patient if he
Comes in with a broken leg.
[ chuckles ] teddy.
They should know.
????
You can google it.
Guys,
This is temple davis.
This is teddy desilva
And lynn robbins,
Your new colleagues.
Patient -- jacob grier,
51, autoimmune hepatitis.
Played point guard for pitt,
Didn't he?
Yeah, he did
Back in the day,
But now he runs a church
Over on the north side.
He's actually expressed
An interest in splitting
The next liver available
With another recipient.
Only after being asked
By dr. Griffith.
Dr. Griffith
Is eager to perform
His first
Split-liver recovery.
Did the patient
Agree to this?
Well, it's not
An easy procedure.
You have to spend two
Extra hours splitting
The liver in the cadaver.
But you get to save
An extra life.
If the patient agreed to it
And you two are okay with it,
I'm okay with it.
All right.
I am so off my game.
I haven't closed a donor
In six weeks.
You'll get the next one.
Lynn here hasn't missed one
In two months.
I'm starting
To take it personally.
What's all this?
We're getting ready
For donor appreciation day.
Usually it's dead bodies.
Today it's arts and crafts.
We tie cards on balloons
For each donor.
????
And let them go.
It's really very touching.
All you have to do is write the
Donor's first name on a card.
I'm going across the street
To see dad.
What?
Gonna go talk to dad.
Thea?
What?
Now i'm not even old enough
To cross the street, huh?
I can't believe that.
????
Swing it around.
-==http://www.ragbear.com==-
Æ¬ãûheartland µú1¼¾µú7¼¯
The two victims were both shot
In the head,
And the suicide
Is also a gsw to the head.
That's good.
What?
And by "good,"
I mean a good percentage
Of our successful
Multi-organ recoveries
Come from gunshot wounds
To the head.
????
???
Thea's here.
Did you have a fight?
We had an argument
About the haley sisters
And pinehurst lake.
She can't stay with me.
I've got too much --
Nathaniel,
I have my hands full right now.
Right.
I'm sorry.
You could ask her to go to
My office, or she can go home.
Okay.
I just can't imagine.
I know.
This is the sheriff.
His name is bradley rogers.
He was 42 years old.
No donor card.
Let me take
The sheriff's family.
Teddy...
I just have a feeling
About this one.
I think it's a better
Idea for you to take
The shooter's mother.
Why?
Because of who i am?
Teddy.
I'm not the obvious choice here,
But i can do this one.
Okay.
Second victim's name
Is ali york.
18 years old.
Has a donor card.
Just help her parents
Understand her wishes.
Mrs. Donner: duane donner?
That must be...
The shooter's mom.
Right this way,
Mrs. Donner.
Come with me.
You should watch this.
????
Nate: your mother says you can
Either go back to her office
And finish your work
Or go home.
"my mother says"?
I have to work, sweetheart.
Yeah. Right.
Thea, i don't have time
For this nonsense.
I don't want to go back
And sit in mom's office all day.
The haley sisters finally
Invited me to pinehurst lake.
It's a no, okay?
Now, i will either take you
To mom's office,
Or i will drive you home and
Call someone to stay with you.
You just don't get it.
Daddy?
Dad?
Okay.
What?
It's a beautiful day.
Let's go get your swimsuit
And drive out to the lake.
Mrs. Donner,
My name is kate armstrong.
This is temple davis.
We work at the local
Organ recovery center.
My sister
Is supposed to come.
She said
I should get a lawyer.
Mrs. Donner, we were told
The doctors spoke with you
About your son
And that you understand he
Won't recover from his injury.
Duane shot himself
In the head.
So...
No coming back
From that.
We'd like to help you with
Some end-of-life decisions.
No, i already
Identified my son.
There's not going to be
A funeral, and so...
We'd like you to consider
Donating his organs.
Mrs. Donner.
Excuse me.
Mrs. Donner?
Is everyone really dead?
There's no chance?
They're all dead.
I have to
Get out of here.
Mrs. Donner, i understand
You want to leave,
But there's no one else to deal
With your son's death.
But i can't.
Yes, you can.
You're his mother.
You're all he has right now.
You're all he has.
????
The doctors want to take
Your son off the ventilator
And send him
To a funeral home.
That's fine.
Please consider allowing us
To recover his organs.
I promise you we will
Take very good care of him,
And i promise his organs
Will go to very good use.
I don't think my sister
Is gonna come.
I don't think she wants
To be around this.
Well, we're happy to stay here
For a while while you --
Why would anyone want any part
Of my son now?
Mrs. Donner...
There are people who will die
Without a heart
Or lungs.
And they will only see your son
As someone who saved their life.
But will they know?
That's not something you need
To worry about right now.
I don't think i want them
To know.
You'll know,
Mrs. Donner.
You'll know.
Hey, we just got word.
One of the victims is a match
For reverend grier.
Consent signed?
We're waiting.
Heard you and dr. Grant
Broke up.
Are you okay?
They found a second recipient
To go with reverend grier.
Child?
Not exactly.
Well, he is small.
Well, let's see.
Liver failure
Due to hepatitis c.
Right.
And i'm guessing
He didn't get that
From digging latrines
In the peace corps.
History of drug overdose.
A case of syphilis
In the '80s
And two bouts
Of chlamydia.
Yes, the point is
He's a very sick man now,
And we can help him.
Hey, doc, why don't you stop
Talking to your girlfriend
And give me some morphine?
A very sick man.
This is so cool of you.
What?
To drop me off here.
Who says
I'm dropping you off?
Y-you're not invited,
Dad.
It's a public park,
Honey.
Please don't, okay?
His blood pressure
Is dropping.
We need to start him
On dopamine
And give him two more units
Of red blood cells.
But we've already given him
So much blood.
We need to treat him like
Any other living patient.
In order to keep his organs
In perfect condition,
We need to care for him
Like we would someone
Who was still alive.
don't think too much
About what he did.
just think about
What he can do.
I'm trying.
It's just that --
Gunshot wounds to the head
Are notoriously unstable.
We need to keep very close tabs
On him.
Believe me,
We're the only people
In this hospital who will.
I think i screwed up
With the yorks.
I think i blew it.
What happened?
It was going fine,
And then i said,
"even though three people died
Today, if they all donate,
Dozens could get a chance
To live."
You said, "if they all."
Oh, i mean,
It just went so quiet.
Why is that so bad?
Well, they know we're trying
To get duane donner's organs.
I think
They know that now.
Okay.
I'm gonna go talk to them.
You stay with mr. Donner,
And let me know
If his heart rate
Drops below 60.
Mr. And mrs. York?
Mother of that animal --
Did she agree
To donate his organs?
I'm afraid that information
Is confidential, mr. York.
She could do that,
Right?
To make herself feel like
He was worth anything,
She could do that.
Hal, let's just
Finish this.
I just have
A few more questions.
Okay.
Has your daughter
Been hospitalized
In the last two years?
This is the first time she's
Ever been in the hospital.
Did your daughter have
Any piercings or tattoos?
You know, i saw him hooked up
To the machine,
Nurses trying to save
His useless life!
Hal!
I'm sorry.
We can't do this.
We just need to -- we just need
To get her out of here now.
The sheriff's family
Signed the forms.
The labs are back.
The operation room is scheduled.
And the slump is over.
What? What?
What is it?
Nothing.
Nothing. Um...
Really good work, teddy.
Thanks.
Very proud of this one.
Tom: we found a donor.
So we'll take you upstairs,
Prep you for surgery.
And once we take a look
At the donor's liver --
So we feel confident
That it'll work --
Did you find a recipient?
We did.
Is it a child?
No, he was a man
In his 50s.
Does he have a family?
No.
All the same, he gets
Another chance like me.
I hear you.
Excuse me.
So, what is it?
Well, mr. Stubbs had ascites
Caused by the cirrhosis.
Well, did you drain him?
I did, but now his kidneys
Are deteriorating.
[ exhales ]
Hepatorenal syndrome.
If we don't transplant him soon,
His kidneys will fail, too.
Nate:
Who tied this granny knot?
This kind of knot
Won't even hold my daughter.
Surgeon's knot
Should do it.
Dad.
At least i hope it'll do it.
His systolic pressure
Dropped down to the 30s.
You gave him pressors?
He was at 15 mics of dopa,
And i just started 5 of epi.
More dopamine?
No, just leave it
Where it is.
What are you doing?
Sometimes they respond
To touch.
Come on.
He's stabilizing.
He's not a human being!
He's not a person!
Security!
He killed my daughter!
???
My baby girl!
He killed --
He killed my little girl!
God!
You raised this child!
You did this!
This is your fault!
Get down on your knees
And have the courage
To confess.
Have the courage
It's a beautiful day.
You're crazy.
[ laughs ]
I'm not so sure
I've been doing my best.
What do you mean?
Well...
You're growing up
So damn fast.
And time --
It's hard to explain,
But time just goes
So much faster.
What is it?
Sometimes...
When you talk to me
[exhales]
Sometimes it just doesn't feel
Like you're really here.
What do you mean?
You're always at the hospital,
I think.
But i'm not.
You spend every day
Trying to give strangers
More time to live,
You know, do what they want,
Maybe be with their families.
Right.
It's your time you're
Giving away, you know.
It's your time.
It's the hospital, right?
I have to --
You have to go?
I do.
Can i stay?
You can stay.
Oh, thank you.
????
The minute that this
Starts getting tricky,
I'm gonna take the whole liver
For my patient.
I understand.
I'm not adding
Any more risk.
Fair enough.
It's not because you manipulated
A man of the cloth
To get this opportunity.
Dr. Grant told me if i could
Get any patient to consent --
The reverend grier?
I mean, come on.
You took advantage of this man's
Professional background.
I asked.
He consented.
Please.
Let's get started.
Scalpel?
This has nothing to do with you
Wanting to show dr. Grant
That you know how to do
This procedure?
Dr. Jonas?
Of course i want to try
The procedure. Don't you?
If we get it down, we can save
Twice as many liver patients.
????
Point taken.
So we're good.
Dr. Jonas,
Take a look at this.
Okay. Call it a day.
What is it?
See that? There's a nodule
Of cancer on his liver.
We can't even use
His organs.
This man has cancer.
You got to send him back.
They're getting ready
To take her off the vent
And send her
To the funeral home.
Mr. York?
If you're here for her organs,
You better walk away.
I'm not.
Are you one
Of her doctors?
No.
Who are you?
I'm a surgeon,
And i'm here because --
Because i know
What happened.
And i'm a father, too.
And i'm so sorry.
Mr. York...
I'm just so sorry.
I'm sorry, teddy.
They can't use
The sheriff's organs.
I know.
I should just quit.
Teddy --
I can't make any
Of these things work.
It's not your fault.
The family
Goes through all this...
Accepts his death...
Agrees to donate...
And it doesn't work out.
Teddy, there was
A cancerous mass.
Nothing showed up on our tests.
It happens.
But to get
All the way there...
And to have to
Tell them again.
It's the worst part
Of our job.
It's a second death.
Isn't there some comfort
In knowing if it was cancer,
He might've avoided,
You know...
Later?
There's no comfort.
Their dad got shot
In the head,
And now they can't even donate
His organs.
They're not comforted.
They're not happy.
Why don't you
Take a moment?
I know how this sounds...
But i finally,
Finally got a consent.
From a cop's wife,
No less.
????
Ali york
Multiple orga donor
Kate: an operating room
Just opened up.
If you could just stay
With the donners
While i offer the organs.
I'd rather not.
Temple, stay with the donners.
Make sure he's stable.
But...
This is a potential
Eight-organ donor.
Can you do this, or should i
Bring someone else in?
I can do it.
Temple, you just need to
Remember why we're doing this,
How many people are waiting.
You're right.
Thank you.
Hey.
I was looking for you.
How you doing?
It's been...
It's been a day.
Are you all right?
Of all the days to be training
A new coordinator.
Anyway, i have an organ
For you.
Oh, great.
A liver for a patient
Named mitchell stubbs.
Mr. Stubbs?
Mm-hmm.
His kidney failure put him
At the top of our list.
Right.
Is there a problem?
No.
Should i send
The liver on?
No. No problem.
The operating room
Has been arranged.
Okay.
I'll be down in a few minutes.
Great.
Mr. Stubbs,
We have some good news.
We've located an organ
For you.
Is it the donner kid?
We can't disclose the name
Of the donors.
It's got to be
The donner kid.
Mr. Stubbs,
Can you focus for a moment?
So, a liver
Has become available,
And you're now first
On the recipient list...
Okay.
...which means we need to
Ask your permission
To share the organ.
What?
You were brought to st. Jude's
Because another recipient
Was kind enough to share
His donated liver with you,
So we need to make sure you're
Comfortable doing the same.
I can have my own?
You can.
Then i want my own.
Mr. Stubbs --
If it's mine,
I want it.
Hey.
So we're good, right?
What?
He -- he won't.
He won't what?
He won't share the liver.
Oh, come on.
Reverend grier was gonna
Give him half,
And now he gets nothing?
I'm sorry.
But mr. Stubbs
Wouldn't even be here.
Vancouver, you had to go
Take advantage, didn't you?
Dr. Jonas --
Look, you know what?
I just wanted one thing
In my life to be clear.
This was
A simple situation
Where we could've done some good
For a good person.
Dr. Jonas, your operating room
Is ready.
Oh ???
Duane donner
Multiple organ donor
How'd it go?
We got 'em all.
They all look good?
All eight.
Perfect condition.
Did you take thea home?
No. I took her out
To pinehurst lake.
What?
I took her out there,
I made sure she was okay,
And then i left her
With her friends.
We do our best, katie,
But we're not always deliberate.
You know, we practice
Benign neglect,
And we don't want
To pay the price for it.
I don't think
We're neglecting her.
I'm not trying to undermine
Your decisions.
I just mean that --
I don't know.
When i saw
That dead girl today,
I just thought, "it's such
A beautiful day outside."
It was just
Such a beautiful day.
So, you'll get a letter from me
In a few days
With some of the details --
Where your son's organs ended up
And some broad information
About the recipients.
I could meet them?
In time, if you wanted to,
And if they agree.
They'd never agree,
Not to meet me.
Mrs. Donner,
You never know.
People aren't always
What you expect.
Well...
Hold back.
Sorry, folks,
Can't go in.
We can keep you here
For a while, if you'd like.
They want to talk to me.
They want to know why he did
What he did.
I'm sure they do.
Maybe the answer is me.
Maybe this happened because
Of the things i didn't do.
But you couldn't
Have known.
You couldn't have known.
Yeah.
You're angry with me?
I am.
I'm sorry if i --
You walked away
From our agreement.
I did.
And manipulated your father
Into getting what you wanted.
I didn't.
You did.
When you are with me,
It's my rules.
You don't go to your father
And ask for them to be changed.
It was fine, mom.
I had so much fun and --
Fun?
You had fun.
Well, that's terrific,
Thea.
You lied to me, went somewhere
You weren't supposed to go,
So if that's your idea
Of fun --
Temple: kate?
Are we done now, or do we still
Have paperwork to file?
We've got about an hour
Of charting left to do at least.
Why don't you wait here?
I'll bring it up.
Knock, knock.
I asked dad
To drop me off here.
I was wondering
If you wanted some help.
I could do some of these
For you, if you want.
So many people.
Mm-hmm.
It's sad.
Sometimes.
I meant for you and dad.
It's got to be sad.
So it was fun?
What?
At the lake?
Yeah.
Were the boys cute?
Hmm...yeah.
And they were nice to you?
Yes, mom,
They were nice to me.
I'm glad.
Looks like a pretty day.
I haven't been out yet.
You stayed here the whole night
Finishing those cards?
Mm-hmm.
Temple...
Yesterday i -- i hope
I didn't push you too hard.
Did i?
Didn't you feel
That maybe giving
The killer's organs was --
I don't know --
In a way morally wrong?
Morally?
I stood there, and i held
That man's hand, okay?
I saw what he did to that girl
And that cop.
And i held his hand.
Temple...
What he did
Was morally wrong.
But his organs saving
Other people's lives
Was probably the only just thing
To come out of that situation.
I don't know
If i can do this.
Well, i promise you
It gets easier.
Is that true,
Or do you just get used to
How hard it is?
Come on.
Why don't you help me take
These cards to the park?
You'll like this.
Reverend grier?
Hey.
Are you coming
To this thing?
No, i'm gonna stay here
In case an organ comes in.
Listen, i wasn't trying
To push mr. Stubbs up the list.
I just -- i was just trying
To relieve his pain.
Well, you did what you did,
Dr. Griffith.
I am not here to tell you
You did the wrong thing.
Yeah, but the result --
Listen.
????
We thought
We scared you off.
Almost.
[ chuckles ]
Is that
Duane donner's balloon?
It is.
It's the right thing to do,
Remembering him despite --
I know.
Do you want me
To take it?
I've got it.
This is for you.
[ chuckles ]
Bradley rogers.
Mm-hmm.
You did everything you could.
It just didn't
Go our way.
Thanks.
And you got the consent.
You're right.
Mm-hmm, so let it go.
* ah *
* hold me, love *
* i can't sleep again *
* i have to kiss your lips *
* i want to lay here
Next to him, love *
* i remember *
* walking in the rain *
* rain was falling on my hands *
* i don't want to live
Through that again, no *
* outside *
* it hardly gets dark now *
* lovers walking
In the park now *
* children singing songs *
* of when they'll make
All their dreams come true *
My daughter --
She's 14 years old now,
And i can't stop thinking of her
As 6, you know?
Seems like
She was just that age.
Everything i said
Was funny.
Always on my shoulders.
Always wanted me
To play with her.
She's not 6 anymore.
And that's good.
I kind of miss that time,
You know?
Talking to yourself?
Yeah.
Listen, if i did the wrong thing
Yesterday --
Thea tells me you tied the
Rope swing and went swimming.
Yeah.
Good for you.
You think?
How long has it been
Since you took a day off?
22 years.
Good for you.
There's
So many people here.
All those cards
And balloons.
Yeah.
* i would see you walking
In your coat, oh *
You knew all
Of them, huh?
Most of them.
There are a lot.
Not nearly enough.
Who is your balloon for,
Dad?
It's just a balloon.
Where's yours?
I don't have one.
Why not?
They're all your mother's,
Thea.
Really?
Guess i do kind of think of them
As all my own.
But you go ahead,
Sweetie.
Go ahead
And let yours fly.
* i'll see you through it all *
* just give me time
To learn to crawl *
* just give me many chances *
* i'll see you through it all *
* just give me time
To learn to crawl *
* just give me many chances *
* i'll see you through it all *
* just give me time
To learn to crawl *
* time to learn to crawl *
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org